# Agriculture_Information_system
<br><br><br>
<h3>Introduction</h3>
<br><br>
<p>The Agriculture Information System Interface is a digital platform designed to provide important information on the production of fruits, vegetables, dairy products, and rice and also this application facilitates to direct selling and buying process. That reduce the participation of third parties getting huge profits. Then business processes have high efficiency.<br><br>
This technology is an important innovation in the agricultural sector, as it helps farmers to receive up-to-date information on farming practices, get the idea about current available production stock in the country, past product consumption, future predicted product amount, fertilizers that used in farming, product range and their price, rice collecting points and etc. same things apply for other products as well.<br><br>
If there is a new comer to agriculture field, they can get the idea about whole agriculture field through this application platform. Then they can easily start their field about the agricultural technologies, and market trends, thereby improving farmers' productivity and income.<br><br>
One important consideration in designing the Agriculture Information System Interface is the human factor justification design and user-centric methodology. A user-centric approach will involve a focus on the end-user, with designers tailoring the interface to the needs of farmers and stakeholders. By involving farmers and stakeholders in the design process through feedback and usability testing, the end-product is tailored more precisely to the users' needs, creating a more effective and user-friendly system.<br><br>
This platform can link farmers and buyers directly, allowing them to communicate and transact without intermediaries. By eliminating middlemen, farmers benefit from increased profits from direct sales, and buyers benefit from lower costs as intermediaries' fees are avoided, making the market more accessible and efficient.<br><br>
This application facilitates to direct selling and buying process. That reduce the participation of third parties and getting huge profits. Then business processes have high efficiency.<br><br>
In this application design development, we always consider about HCD pattern, Cognitive physiology factors and usability principles. So primarily we use animations like things to reduce the boringness of users and get the enjoy to them. To give the high user experience (that felt users to now they are in the real agriculture related environment) , we use animated backgrounds, related background images and color themes. Now we discuss about how we use cognitive physiology factors and usability principles in our design.<br><br>
</p>
